#Incomplete 
# Armor
Armor is used with [[Attributes#Body|Body]] to make damage resistance tests. The Armors Rating is modified by the attacks (AP) value. If the modified Damage value of an attack causing physical damage is less than the AP-modified  armor rating, then the attack causes stun damage instead of physical.
## Armor Rating And Encumbrance
If a character is wearing more than one piece of armor at a time, the value of the highest armor piece applies for determining Armor. All the other pieces do nothing. Armor accessories, items that are listed with a "+" in front of their rating, add to the characters armor for the purpose of Damage Resistance Tests. The Maximum bonus a character can receive from these items is limited by their [[Attributes#Strength|Strength]]. For every 2 full points that exceed the characters [[Attributes#Strength|Strength]] they suffer a -1 penaltry to [[Attributes#Agility|Agility]] and [[Attributes#Reaction|Reaction]].
## Armor Penetration
Certain weapons are better at punching holes in armor than others. A weapon’s Armor Penetration (AP) represents this penetrating ability. AP modifies a target’s Armor rating when he makes a damage resistance test. Some weapons fare poorly against armor, and so actually raise the value of the armor. If the target is not wearing armor, this bonus does not apply. If a weapon’s AP reduces an armor’s rating to 0 or below, the character loses all his armor dice on his damage resistance test but does not subtract from his [[Attributes#Body|Body]].